c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RefreshApp\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.exe.config
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.exe
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\RefreshApp.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.g.resources
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.exe
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\Сетевоепрограм\ControlRestart\RefreshApp\obj\Debug\RefreshApp.pdb
